Hi everyone.
My name is Bryan Hansen, and welcome to my course,
Spring Framework: Authenticating Users with Spring Security.
I am the CEO of Complete Programmer and the Practice Director at
Software Technology Group. Security is a complex topic, and doing
it correctly can be quite challenging.
In this updated course, we're going to cover how to authenticate
users against LDAP and authorize against a standalone database. We're
also going to show you how to customize the Spring Security object to
add your own unique fields to it and have it more closely match your
application's needs.
We're going to show you how to create a custom registration process for
Spring Security and also handle the common problem of a forgotten
password inside of Spring Security. By the end of this course, you'll
know all the fundamentals of Spring Security and how to implement
security inside of your Java application.
Before beginning the course, you should be familiar with Spring and
Spring MVC some. I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn
security with the Spring Framework: Authenticating Users with Spring Security course, at Pluralsight.